
PROFESSIONAL WAREHOUSE SUPERVISOR


Name:                     Fon Desmond Ade
Mobile:                   0551359219  	                     
Email:                     adedesmond6@gmail.com
Visa status:            Visit visa
Address:                 Sharjah 
Nationality:            Cameroonian 
Date of birth:          16/04/1994
Gender:                   Male


CAREER OBJECTIVE


I am a results driven, committed and articulate Warehouse Supervisor with excellent Communication skills and a high level of enthusiasm for performing warehouse duties. Multi-skilled with the ability 
to perform complicated mathematical calculation and work efficiently under pressure. I have 5+ years of practical working experience both as a team member and a team leader in a multi-cultural 
Organization. Possessing a good team spirit, deadline orientated and having the ability to manage and control people from a wide spectrum of cultures.  Now l am looking for a Warehouse Supervisor position to work with an ambitious company that promotes professional growth.

SPECIAL SKILLS

Ø	Strong communication skills
Ø	Knowledge in  inventory management. 
Ø	Knowledge in supply chain management. 
Ø	Knowledge in project management 
Ø	Strong knowledge in transport modes such as Air, Road, Sea and Rail.
Ø	Insurance knowledge 
Ø	Self-motivated and Problem Solving. 
Ø	Ability to handle multiple tasks and meet datelines.
Ø	Good interaction with colleagues and customers.
Ø	Capability to work without a manager
Ø	Computer skills (Microsoft Excel and Word document)  
Ø	Physical strength 
Ø	Great listening skills
Ø	Enthusiastic 
Ø	Can work well in a team

CORE COMPETENCY:
•	Extremely reliable and safety conscious with solid experience in warehouse operations to include loading and unloading trucks, shipping and receiving, order picking / packing; staging and stocking.
•	Excel at accurately labeling freight, monitoring inventory, calculating and verifying quantities, and using computers to maintain records and track shipments within high-volume warehouse environments.
•	Readily support new processes and promote team-oriented environment to enhance productivity, build morale, and control costs.
•	Proficient in managing and leading terms for smooth warehousing and inventory operations.
WORKING EXPERIENCE

Rage SA, East Rand South Africa, September 2016 - June 2018       
Position: Warehouse Supervisor
Responsibilities:
Ø	Documented distribution flow, prepared mailing labels, and tracked shipments using proprietary database.
Ø	Ensured timeliness and accuracy, recorded, monitored, and reported inventory levels to warehouse manager.
Ø	Supervised team as they pulled and packaged large volume of shipments daily and recorded weight, compiled and organized documentation for management.
Ø	Contributed to development of new processes that reduced shipping time by two days and resulted in improved customer satisfaction.
Ø	Supervised loading and unloading trucks and issue delivery note.
Ø	Handled shipping of high-value items with zero instances of damaged goods



Camwater, Douala  Cameroon, June 2014 – October  2015
Position: Warehouse Supervisor
Responsibilities:
Ø	Moving inventories and materials across facilities and Processing inventory for delivery
Ø	Scanning delivered items to ensure quality
Ø	Reporting damaged or missing inventory to management
Ø	Sorting, organizing and storing inventory in proper locations
Ø	Updating tags and documentation for inventory processing
Ø	Preparing document and inventory for audits  
Ø	Move materials from facilities to work stations, pick-up locations or other locations.
  

FOKOU AND SONS COMPANY LTD- Cameroon, January 2013 - December 2013
Position: Warehouse Supervisor
Responsibilities:
Ø	Prepare and process a wide variety of shipments; pull and package merchandise, Operate forklift, pallet mover, swing-reach truck, and picker to transport, stage, and store freight. 
Ø	Controlled team as they load and unload trucks, perform cycle counts, and utilize computer to track shipments and inventory. Coordinate warehouse operations to support internal and external customers; informally train new team members. Ensure compliance with environmental health, safety, and corporate regulations.
Ø	Sustained zero safety hazards by proactively maintaining clean and organized warehouse environment.
Ø	Achieved exceptional levels of customer satisfaction through timely, accurate processing and shipping of orders.
Ø	Commended for team-oriented attitude, contributing to improved efficiency and nearly 100% accuracy in order tracking and processing.

EDUCATIONAL PROFILE:
Ø	Diploma in  Logistics and transport, management,  2015
Ø	High School Certificate (G.C.E) Advance level,  2013
Ø	G.C.E Ordinary Level,  2011
								
LANGUAGE SKILLS:
Ø	English: excellent in reading, writing and speaking
Ø	French: fairly in reading, writing and speaking
	
HOBIES
Ø	Computer Programming
Ø	Reading 
Ø	Browsing the internet
Ø	Muscle building

